README.md, before:

# PomodoroTimer
An implementation of the [Pomodoro technique](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomodoro_Technique) for Garmin wearables. Inspired by [Garmodoro](https://github.com/klimeryk/garmodoro), however this PomodoroTimer has no support for handheld devices.

## Features
* Keeps track of time left in your Pomodoro session, as well as break time and overal number of Pomodoros.
* Alerts you using vibrations and tones (if supported by device).
* Vizualisation of the countdown as a circle.
* Possibility to stop the timer and continue.
* You can customize a lot of aspects:
   * duration of one Pomodoro (default: 25 minutes)
   * duration of the short break between Pomodoros (default: 5 minutes)
   * duration of the long break between groups of Pomodoros (default: 30 minutes)
   * the number of Pomodoros in a group (default: 4)
   * alert on change from Pomodoro to break and vice versa
   * color of a Pomodoro session, break and ready state (when supported by device)

## Development

To run the project, you just need the SDK and the Monkey C plugin for Visual Studio Code.

There are two Shell scripts for testing:
* test_all: runs the test for all devices found in the manifest.xml
* test: runs the test for one device which can be passed as an argument (default is venu2plus)

Commit message:

Feature/other devices (#7)
* 240x240 screen size with 40x40 icon size

* replace icon

* replace icon for instinct2

* cover a lot of other devices

* 35x35 icon size

* add new icon

* add epix2 support

* resources for venu2s and d

* square devices

* update README

* update README and add icon as SVG

* remove device text file

* remove unused timer off

README.md, after:

# PomodoroTimer
An implementation of the [Pomodoro technique](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomodoro_Technique) for Garmin wearables. Inspired by [Garmodoro](https://github.com/klimeryk/garmodoro), however this PomodoroTimer has no support for handheld devices.

## Features
* Keeps track of time left in your Pomodoro session, as well as break time and overal number of Pomodoros.
* Alerts you using vibrations and tones (if supported by device).
* Vizualisation of the countdown as a circle.
* Possibility to stop the timer and continue.
* You can customize a lot of aspects:
   * duration of one Pomodoro (default: 25 minutes)
   * duration of the short break between Pomodoros (default: 5 minutes)
   * duration of the long break between groups of Pomodoros (default: 30 minutes)
   * the number of Pomodoros in a group (default: 4)
   * alert on change from Pomodoro to break and vice versa
   * color of a Pomodoro session, break and ready state (when supported by device)

## Development

To run the project, you just need the SDK and the Monkey C plugin for Visual Studio Code.

There are two Shell scripts for testing:
* `./test_all`: runs the test for all devices found in the manifest.xml
* `./test`: runs the test for one device which can be passed as an argument (default is venu2plus)

## Add new device

1. add your device to the `manifest.xml`
2. run the test with that device `./test <DEVICE_ID>`
3. If the device has a an icon size which is not yet supported, add a new resources.

### Icon Size
 Since there are a lot of wearable, which use an icon size of 40 x 40, this is the default size. If there are more than one waerables with same screen and icon size, which are not supported yet, it is better to use a resource, based on shape and screen size. For instance the folder `resource-round-416x416`is used by devices with a round screen and 416x416 size.
More about screen and icon size can be found in the [Device Reference.](https://developer.garmin.com/connect-iq/reference-guides/devices-reference/)

| Screen Shape | Screen Size | Icon Size |
| ------------ | ----------- | --------- |
| round        | 218 x 218   | 30 x 30   |
| rectangle    | 240 x 240   | 36 x 36   |
| round        | 260 x 260   | 35 x 35   |
| round        | 390 x 390   | 60 x 60   |
| round        | 416 x 416   | 70 x 70   |


The icon exists as a SVG and can be exported as a PNG with an appropriate size, using [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org) or [Vectornator](https://www.vectornator.io).
